Complete alphabetical listing of 1981-2010 Supplemental Normals files

The below list provides a synopsis of each product file.  For a more general
description of the file naming conventions used for all files, see the
readme-supp.txt file in this directory.

ann-*.txt (annual) files

ann-grdd-base40.txt  Long-term averages of annual growing degree days with base 40F
ann-grdd-base45.txt  Long-term averages of annual growing degree days with base 45F
ann-grdd-base50.txt  Long-term averages of annual growing degree days with base 50F
ann-grdd-base55.txt  Long-term averages of annual growing degree days with base 55F
ann-grdd-base57.txt  Long-term averages of annual growing degree days with base 57F
ann-grdd-base60.txt  Long-term averages of annual growing degree days with base 60F
ann-grdd-base65.txt  Long-term averages of annual growing degree days with base 65F
ann-grdd-base70.txt  Long-term averages of annual growing degree days with base 70F
ann-grdd-base72.txt  Long-term averages of annual growing degree days with base 72F
ann-grdd-tb4886.txt  Long-term averages of annual growing degree days with truncated
                     bases 48F and 86F
ann-grdd-tb5086.txt  Long-term averages of annual growing degree days with truncated
                     bases 50F and 86F

ann-tmin-prbfst-t16Fp10.txt  10% probability date of first 16F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t16Fp20.txt  20% probability date of first 16F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t16Fp30.txt  30% probability date of first 16F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t16Fp40.txt  40% probability date of first 16F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t16Fp50.txt  50% probability date of first 16F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t16Fp60.txt  60% probability date of first 16F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t16Fp70.txt  70% probability date of first 16F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t16Fp80.txt  80% probability date of first 16F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t16Fp90.txt  90% probability date of first 16F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t20Fp10.txt  10% probability date of first 20F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t20Fp20.txt  20% probability date of first 20F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t20Fp30.txt  30% probability date of first 20F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t20Fp40.txt  40% probability date of first 20F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t20Fp50.txt  50% probability date of first 20F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t20Fp60.txt  60% probability date of first 20F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t20Fp70.txt  70% probability date of first 20F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t20Fp80.txt  80% probability date of first 20F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t20Fp90.txt  90% probability date of first 20F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t24Fp10.txt  10% probability date of first 24F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t24Fp20.txt  20% probability date of first 24F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t24Fp30.txt  30% probability date of first 24F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t24Fp40.txt  40% probability date of first 24F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t24Fp50.txt  50% probability date of first 24F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t24Fp60.txt  60% probability date of first 24F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t24Fp70.txt  70% probability date of first 24F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t24Fp80.txt  80% probability date of first 24F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t24Fp90.txt  90% probability date of first 24F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t28Fp10.txt  10% probability date of first 28F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t28Fp20.txt  20% probability date of first 28F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t28Fp30.txt  30% probability date of first 28F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t28Fp40.txt  40% probability date of first 28F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t28Fp50.txt  50% probability date of first 28F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t28Fp60.txt  60% probability date of first 28F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t28Fp70.txt  70% probability date of first 28F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t28Fp80.txt  80% probability date of first 28F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t28Fp90.txt  90% probability date of first 28F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t32Fp10.txt  10% probability date of first 32F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t32Fp20.txt  20% probability date of first 32F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t32Fp30.txt  30% probability date of first 32F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t32Fp40.txt  40% probability date of first 32F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t32Fp50.txt  50% probability date of first 32F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t32Fp60.txt  60% probability date of first 32F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t32Fp70.txt  70% probability date of first 32F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t32Fp80.txt  80% probability date of first 32F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t32Fp90.txt  90% probability date of first 32F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t36Fp10.txt  10% probability date of first 36F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t36Fp20.txt  20% probability date of first 36F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t36Fp30.txt  30% probability date of first 36F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t36Fp40.txt  40% probability date of first 36F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t36Fp50.txt  50% probability date of first 36F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t36Fp60.txt  60% probability date of first 36F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t36Fp70.txt  70% probability date of first 36F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t36Fp80.txt  80% probability date of first 36F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbfst-t36Fp90.txt  90% probability date of first 36F occurrence or earlier
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t16Fp10.txt  10% probability of 16F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t16Fp20.txt  20% probability of 16F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t16Fp30.txt  30% probability of 16F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t16Fp40.txt  40% probability of 16F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t16Fp50.txt  50% probability of 16F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t16Fp60.txt  60% probability of 16F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t16Fp70.txt  70% probability of 16F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t16Fp80.txt  80% probability of 16F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t16Fp90.txt  90% probability of 16F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t20Fp10.txt  10% probability of 20F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t20Fp20.txt  20% probability of 20F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t20Fp30.txt  30% probability of 20F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t20Fp40.txt  40% probability of 20F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t20Fp50.txt  50% probability of 20F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t20Fp60.txt  60% probability of 20F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t20Fp70.txt  70% probability of 20F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t20Fp80.txt  80% probability of 20F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t20Fp90.txt  90% probability of 20F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t24Fp10.txt  10% probability of 24F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t24Fp20.txt  20% probability of 24F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t24Fp30.txt  30% probability of 24F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t24Fp40.txt  40% probability of 24F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t24Fp50.txt  50% probability of 24F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t24Fp60.txt  60% probability of 24F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t24Fp70.txt  70% probability of 24F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t24Fp80.txt  80% probability of 24F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t24Fp90.txt  90% probability of 24F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t28Fp10.txt  10% probability of 28F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t28Fp20.txt  20% probability of 28F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t28Fp30.txt  30% probability of 28F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t28Fp40.txt  40% probability of 28F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t28Fp50.txt  50% probability of 28F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t28Fp60.txt  60% probability of 28F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t28Fp70.txt  70% probability of 28F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t28Fp80.txt  80% probability of 28F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t28Fp90.txt  90% probability of 28F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t32Fp10.txt  10% probability of 32F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t32Fp20.txt  20% probability of 32F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t32Fp30.txt  30% probability of 32F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t32Fp40.txt  40% probability of 32F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t32Fp50.txt  50% probability of 32F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t32Fp60.txt  60% probability of 32F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t32Fp70.txt  70% probability of 32F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t32Fp80.txt  80% probability of 32F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t32Fp90.txt  90% probability of 32F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t36Fp10.txt  10% probability of 36F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t36Fp20.txt  20% probability of 36F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t36Fp30.txt  30% probability of 36F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t36Fp40.txt  40% probability of 36F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t36Fp50.txt  50% probability of 36F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t36Fp60.txt  60% probability of 36F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t36Fp70.txt  70% probability of 36F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t36Fp80.txt  80% probability of 36F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prbgsl-t36Fp90.txt  90% probability of 36F growing season length or longer
ann-tmin-prblst-t16Fp10.txt  10% probability date of last 16F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t16Fp20.txt  20% probability date of last 16F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t16Fp30.txt  30% probability date of last 16F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t16Fp40.txt  40% probability date of last 16F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t16Fp50.txt  50% probability date of last 16F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t16Fp60.txt  60% probability date of last 16F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t16Fp70.txt  70% probability date of last 16F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t16Fp80.txt  80% probability date of last 16F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t16Fp90.txt  90% probability date of last 16F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t20Fp10.txt  10% probability date of last 20F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t20Fp20.txt  20% probability date of last 20F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t20Fp30.txt  30% probability date of last 20F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t20Fp40.txt  40% probability date of last 20F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t20Fp50.txt  50% probability date of last 20F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t20Fp60.txt  60% probability date of last 20F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t20Fp70.txt  70% probability date of last 20F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t20Fp80.txt  80% probability date of last 20F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t20Fp90.txt  90% probability date of last 20F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t24Fp10.txt  10% probability date of last 24F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t24Fp20.txt  20% probability date of last 24F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t24Fp30.txt  30% probability date of last 24F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t24Fp40.txt  40% probability date of last 24F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t24Fp50.txt  50% probability date of last 24F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t24Fp60.txt  60% probability date of last 24F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t24Fp70.txt  70% probability date of last 24F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t24Fp80.txt  80% probability date of last 24F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t24Fp90.txt  90% probability date of last 24F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t28Fp10.txt  10% probability date of last 28F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t28Fp20.txt  20% probability date of last 28F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t28Fp30.txt  30% probability date of last 28F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t28Fp40.txt  40% probability date of last 28F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t28Fp50.txt  50% probability date of last 28F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t28Fp60.txt  60% probability date of last 28F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t28Fp70.txt  70% probability date of last 28F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t28Fp80.txt  80% probability date of last 28F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t28Fp90.txt  90% probability date of last 28F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t32Fp10.txt  10% probability date of last 32F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t32Fp20.txt  20% probability date of last 32F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t32Fp30.txt  30% probability date of last 32F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t32Fp40.txt  40% probability date of last 32F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t32Fp50.txt  50% probability date of last 32F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t32Fp60.txt  60% probability date of last 32F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t32Fp70.txt  70% probability date of last 32F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t32Fp80.txt  80% probability date of last 32F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t32Fp90.txt  90% probability date of last 32F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t36Fp10.txt  10% probability date of last 36F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t36Fp20.txt  20% probability date of last 36F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t36Fp30.txt  30% probability date of last 36F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t36Fp40.txt  40% probability date of last 36F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t36Fp50.txt  50% probability date of last 36F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t36Fp60.txt  60% probability date of last 36F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t36Fp70.txt  70% probability date of last 36F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t36Fp80.txt  80% probability date of last 36F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prblst-t36Fp90.txt  90% probability date of last 36F occurrence or later
ann-tmin-prbocc-lsth016.txt  probability of 16F or below at least once in the year
ann-tmin-prbocc-lsth020.txt  probability of 20F or below at least once in the year
ann-tmin-prbocc-lsth024.txt  probability of 24F or below at least once in the year
ann-tmin-prbocc-lsth028.txt  probability of 28F or below at least once in the year
ann-tmin-prbocc-lsth032.txt  probability of 32F or below at least once in the year
ann-tmin-prbocc-lsth036.txt  probability of 36F or below at least once in the year


djf-*.txt (December-February) files

djf-grdd-base40.txt  Long-term averages of winter growing degree days with base 40F	
djf-grdd-base45.txt  Long-term averages of winter growing degree days with base 45F
djf-grdd-base50.txt  Long-term averages of winter growing degree days with base 50F
djf-grdd-base55.txt  Long-term averages of winter growing degree days with base 55F
djf-grdd-base57.txt  Long-term averages of winter growing degree days with base 57F
djf-grdd-base60.txt  Long-term averages of winter growing degree days with base 60F
djf-grdd-base65.txt  Long-term averages of winter growing degree days with base 65F
djf-grdd-base70.txt  Long-term averages of winter growing degree days with base 70F
djf-grdd-base72.txt  Long-term averages of winter growing degree days with base 72F
djf-grdd-tb4886.txt  Long-term averages of winter growing degree days with truncated
                     bases 48F and 86F
djf-grdd-tb5086.txt  Long-term averages of winter growing degree days with truncated
                     bases 50F and 86F


dly-*.txt (daily) files

dly-grdd-base40.txt  Long-term averages of daily growing degree days with base 40F
dly-grdd-base45.txt  Long-term averages of daily growing degree days with base 45F
dly-grdd-base50.txt  Long-term averages of daily growing degree days with base 50F
dly-grdd-base55.txt  Long-term averages of daily growing degree days with base 55F
dly-grdd-base57.txt  Long-term averages of daily growing degree days with base 57F
dly-grdd-base60.txt  Long-term averages of daily growing degree days with base 60F
dly-grdd-base65.txt  Long-term averages of daily growing degree days with base 65F
dly-grdd-base70.txt  Long-term averages of daily growing degree days with base 70F
dly-grdd-base72.txt  Long-term averages of daily growing degree days with base 72F
dly-grdd-tb4886.txt  Long-term averages of daily growing degree days with truncated
                     bases 48F and 86F
dly-grdd-tb5086.txt  Long-term averages of daily growing degree days with truncated
                     bases 50F and 86F


jja-*.txt (June-August) files

jja-grdd-base40.txt  Long-term averages of summer growing degree days with base 40F
jja-grdd-base45.txt  Long-term averages of summer growing degree days with base 45F
jja-grdd-base50.txt  Long-term averages of summer growing degree days with base 50F
jja-grdd-base55.txt  Long-term averages of summer growing degree days with base 55F
jja-grdd-base57.txt  Long-term averages of summer growing degree days with base 57F
jja-grdd-base60.txt  Long-term averages of summer growing degree days with base 60F
jja-grdd-base65.txt  Long-term averages of summer growing degree days with base 65F
jja-grdd-base70.txt  Long-term averages of summer growing degree days with base 70F
jja-grdd-base72.txt  Long-term averages of summer growing degree days with base 72F
jja-grdd-tb4886.txt  Long-term averages of summer growing degree days with truncated
                     bases 48F and 86F
jja-grdd-tb5086.txt  Long-term averages of summer growing degree days with truncated
                     bases 50F and 86F


mam-*.txt (March-May) files

mam-grdd-base40.txt  Long-term averages of spring growing degree days with base 40F
mam-grdd-base45.txt  Long-term averages of spring growing degree days with base 45F
mam-grdd-base50.txt  Long-term averages of spring growing degree days with base 50F
mam-grdd-base55.txt  Long-term averages of spring growing degree days with base 55F
mam-grdd-base57.txt  Long-term averages of spring growing degree days with base 57F
mam-grdd-base60.txt  Long-term averages of spring growing degree days with base 60F
mam-grdd-base65.txt  Long-term averages of spring growing degree days with base 65F
mam-grdd-base70.txt  Long-term averages of spring growing degree days with base 70F
mam-grdd-base72.txt  Long-term averages of spring growing degree days with base 72F
mam-grdd-tb4886.txt  Long-term averages of summer growing degree days with truncated
                     bases 48F and 86F
mam-grdd-tb5086.txt  Long-term averages of summer growing degree days with truncated
                     bases 50F and 86F


mly-*.txt (monthly) files

mly-grdd-base40.txt  Long-term averages of monthly growing degree days with base 40F
mly-grdd-base45.txt  Long-term averages of monthly growing degree days with base 45F
mly-grdd-base50.txt  Long-term averages of monthly growing degree days with base 50F
mly-grdd-base55.txt  Long-term averages of monthly growing degree days with base 55F
mly-grdd-base57.txt  Long-term averages of monthly growing degree days with base 57F
mly-grdd-base60.txt  Long-term averages of monthly growing degree days with base 60F
mly-grdd-base65.txt  Long-term averages of monthly growing degree days with base 65F
mly-grdd-base70.txt  Long-term averages of monthly growing degree days with base 70F
mly-grdd-base72.txt  Long-term averages of monthly growing degree days with base 72F
mly-grdd-tb4886.txt  Long-term averages of monthly growing degree days with
                     truncated bases 48F and 86F
mly-grdd-tb5086.txt  Long-term averages of monthly growing degree days with
                     truncated bases 50F and 86F

mly-tmin-prbocc-lsth016.txt  probability of 16F or below at least once in the month
mly-tmin-prbocc-lsth020.txt  probability of 20F or below at least once in the month
mly-tmin-prbocc-lsth024.txt  probability of 24F or below at least once in the month
mly-tmin-prbocc-lsth028.txt  probability of 28F or below at least once in the month
mly-tmin-prbocc-lsth032.txt  probability of 32F or below at least once in the month
mly-tmin-prbocc-lsth036.txt  probability of 36F or below at least once in the month


son-*.txt (September-November) files

son-grdd-base40.txt  Long-term averages of fall growing degree days with base 40F
son-grdd-base45.txt  Long-term averages of fall growing degree days with base 45F
son-grdd-base50.txt  Long-term averages of fall growing degree days with base 50F
son-grdd-base55.txt  Long-term averages of fall growing degree days with base 55F
son-grdd-base57.txt  Long-term averages of fall growing degree days with base 57F
son-grdd-base60.txt  Long-term averages of fall growing degree days with base 60F
son-grdd-base65.txt  Long-term averages of fall growing degree days with base 65F
son-grdd-base70.txt  Long-term averages of fall growing degree days with base 70F
son-grdd-base72.txt  Long-term averages of fall growing degree days with base 72F
son-grdd-tb4886.txt  Long-term averages of summer growing degree days with truncated
                     bases 48F and 86F
son-grdd-tb5086.txt  Long-term averages of summer growing degree days with truncated
                     bases 50F and 86F